Fix the Step 4 mapping progress counter.

The academic mapping itself is working correctly and the result cards appear progressively, but the text such as:

"2 of 4 requirements mapped"

is not incrementing reliably as each requirement completes.

Do NOT change the mapping logic, evidence retrieval, or result schema.

The progress counter must reflect the ACTUAL number of completed mapping requirements.

REQUIRED BEHAVIOR

For a program with 4 target requirements:

Start:
0 of 4 requirements mapped

After requirement 1 returns successfully:
1 of 4 requirements mapped

After requirement 2 returns:
2 of 4 requirements mapped

After requirement 3 returns:
3 of 4 requirements mapped

After requirement 4 returns:
4 of 4 requirements mapped

Then show:
Academic mapping complete

IMPORTANT

Do not simulate progress with timers.

Do not calculate the progress count only after the complete mapping request finishes.

The completed count must update at the same moment each completed requirement result is added to the UI.

Please inspect how progressive results are currently being rendered.

If the result cards are being revealed one-by-one from an already completed batch result, change this behavior so the progress indicator is explicitly synchronized with the number of results currently revealed/committed to completed state.

If the backend actually processes requirements one at a time, update completedCount immediately after each successful requirement response.

Use a single source of truth such as:

completedMappings.length

or an equivalent completed-results collection.

Avoid maintaining a separate counter if that can become out of sync.

The UI should derive:

completed = completedMappings.length
total = targetRequirements.length

and render:

`${completed} of ${total} requirements mapped`

STATE UPDATE ISSUE

Check for stale React state or batched state updates.

When adding a completed mapping result, use a functional state update if needed, for example conceptually:

setCompletedMappings(previous => [
  ...previous,
  newResult
])

The progress display should derive from the updated collection rather than an older closure value.

PRESERVE

- progressive result display
- expandable requirement cards
- automatic expansion of the newest result
- all existing mapping results
- status badges
- confidence
- evidence
- sources
- mapping logic

TEST

Run a mapping with at least 4 requirements.

Confirm visually that the counter changes:

0/4
→ 1/4
→ 2/4
→ 3/4
→ 4/4

at the same time the corresponding result cards become available.

Do not finish until the progress counter visibly increments during the mapping run without requiring a refresh.